The way I analyzed how to develop this code was: first, create an inventory, which would be a list. This list would contain all the products. Each product would be a dictionary. The dictionary has three keys: 'name', 'price', and 'quantity', which correspond to the name, price, and quantity, respectively. After this, I created an initial menu where the user decides what to do.

Main Menu: This contains the options to add, query, update, remove, and calculate total value.

Add: When adding products for the first time, the user must add a quantity greater than 5 products. The first 5 products overwrite the 5 drafts that were in the list. From then on, they are added as new dictionaries. However, if the user is not adding for the first time, meaning they have already added, the first 5 are not overwritten; they only add new ones.

Consult: Since the minimum quantity is 6 products in the inventory, it is first verified if the inventory has the 5 products that were in the draft. If so, then it is redirected to the main menu and is told that no products have been added for consultation. If the inventory already has products, this function requests the name of the product to search for. It is searched for in the inventory and if found, its information is displayed (name, price, quantity). If not found, it is redirected to the main menu and displays the message that the product is not in the inventory.

Update: This checks if the inventory has products in the same way as in the 'consult' function. After confirming that the inventory has products, you are asked for the name of the product you wish to update. This product is searched for in the inventory. If it is not found, you are redirected to the main menu and a message is displayed indicating that the product is not in the inventory. If the product is found, you are asked what information you wish to update (price/quantity). After selecting the product, the new information is requested, and then the product information is displayed, showing both its previous information and the updated information.

Remove: This checks the quantity of products in the inventory. If there are 5, you are redirected to the main menu and told that no products have been added. If there are 6, you are redirected to the main menu and told that you cannot have fewer than 6 products. If products can be removed from the inventory, you will be asked for the name of the product you wish to remove. This will be searched for in the inventory. If it is not found, you will be redirected to the main menu and told that this product is not in the inventory. If the product is found, the product information will be displayed and confirmation will be requested to remove it. If the confirmation is affirmative, the product will be removed from the inventory and a message will be displayed indicating that the process was successful. If the confirmation is negative, you will be redirected to the main menu.

Calculate total value: This will confirm whether the inventory has products. If it does not have products, you will be redirected to the main menu and told that no products have been entered yet. If the inventory has products, you will be asked what you want to calculate: the total value of a product or the total value of the inventory. If you want to consult the total value of a product, you ask which product you want the calculation to be done for, it looks to see if it is in the inventory, if it is not, you are redirected to the main menu and you are told that this product is not in the inventory, if it is found, the data of this product and the calculation of the total value are shown. If you want to consult the calculation of the total value of the inventory, you begin to go through the entire inventory and the total value of each product is saved in a variable. After going through the entire list, a message with the total value of the inventory is printed.